Update Akeneo description and move to adopt ring (#5)
AOEpeople/techradar: radar/2021-01-01/akeneo.md

---
title: "Akeneo"
ring: adopt
quadrant: tools
featured: false
---

We continue to use Akeneo with a variety of customers to store and process product data in a standardized format. It is the de facto standard for open source PIM's and therefore an integral part of our e-commerce solutions.

In the meantime, Akeneo has been continuously developed and offers many new features that further facilitate product data collection.

> Regarding the stack, there was a switch to Elasticsearch and updates to more current Symfony versions. Support for the recently released PHP 8 is upcoming.

Reviewer: @carstendietrich how about:

```suggestion
The recent switch to Elasticsearch and an update of Symfony improved runtime behaviour as well as scalability for future-prove use. Support for the latest release of PHP 8 is upcoming.
```
